the Purcell School of Music in Hartford
share is home to the piano teachers
course consisting of four residential
weekends and to study Sundays over the
period of an academic year the course is
led by director Lucinda Mac with young
and supported by a trio of principal
teachers the piano teachers course
offers the full range of piano teaching
skills so that you will be able to
develop you're playing and you're
performing and you're teaching in the
way that you want and also in the way
that your pupils want we never lose
sight of the fact that the young pupil
wants to be able to play the piano now
with or without the written notes all
through their lives on the course we
help the students to make music with
their young pupils from the very first
lesson we teach them songs very simple
songs that they can then get their young
pupils to play on the piano and from
then comes the notation in this way we
have the sound before the symbol and in
this way we show that playing music is
really what the whole thing is about a
composition is like a message in a
bottle thrown into the sea it needs to
be picked up and acted upon or you could
say that a composition exists in the
mind of a composer then it briefly
visits a page and needs to be lifted off
brought to life by the player and that's
what I'm interested in the process of
bringing a piece of music to life
I introduced a wide and varied array of
repertoire to allow teachers to make
their own independent choices and to
also find a progressive repertoire to
suit their students to enhance the
course content up to 10 guest tutors are
invited every year each one an expert in
their respective field the piano
teachers course is about developing your
own skills and awareness as a pianist
and a teacher using a variety of
different methods designed to make you
both a better teacher and a better
pianist it refreshes the skills of
existing practitioners as well as
guiding and giving confidence to those
new to the profession
you